Allow --verbosity to override default suppression by --out-itf (#1571) (#1664)
informalsystems/quint: quint/io-cli-tests.md

<!-- !test in test itf -->
```

> output=$(quint test --out-itf='coin_{seq}_{test}.itf.json' --verbosity=0 \

Reviewer: Seems like the test command already had the "no suppressing output" behavior, so I think we don't need to change this one
```suggestion
output=$(quint test --out-itf='coin_{seq}_{test}.itf.json' \
```

<!-- !test out test itf -->
```

> 

Reviewer: And then add this part back

stalemate was witnessed in 1 trace(s) out of 100 explored (1.00%)
Use --seed=0x2b442ab439177 to reproduce.
```

> ### NEW TEST: Run outputs ITF without verbosity flag (should show new default behavior)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### run produces normal output on `--out-itf` with default verbosity
```

> <!-- !test in run itf no verbosity -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- !test in run itf default verbosity -->
```

```

> quint run --out-itf=out-itf-novb.itf.json --max-steps=5 --seed=123 \
>   --invariant=totalSupplyDoesNotOverflowInv \
>   --verbosity=0 \
>   ../examples/tutorials/coin.qnt
> cat out-itf-novb.itf.json | jq '.states[0]."balances"."#map"[0]'
> rm out-itf-novb.itf.json

Reviewer: Here, we should call `run` without `--verbosity` and capture the output to check it
```suggestion
output=$(
quint run --out-itf=out-itf.itf.json --max-steps=5 --seed=123 \
  --invariant=totalSupplyDoesNotOverflowInv \
  ../examples/tutorials/coin.qnt 2>&1)
exit_code=$?
echo "$output" | sed -e 's/([0-9]*ms)/(duration)/g' -e 's#^.*coin.qnt#      HOME/coin.qnt#g'
exit $exit_code
```

```

> <!-- !test out run itf no verbosity -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- !test out run itf default verbosity -->
```

```

> [
>   "alice",
>   {
>     "#bigint": "0"
>   }
> ]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example execution:

[State 0] { balances: Map("alice" -> 0, "bob" -> 0, "charlie" -> 0, "eve" -> 0, "null" -> 0), minter: "eve" }

[State 1]
{
  balances:
    Map(
      "alice" -> 0,
      "bob" -> 0,
      "charlie" -> 79626045751699704635016553258820412024546765398372583361896346889345270192783,
      "eve" -> 0,
      "null" -> 0
    ),
  minter: "eve"
}

[State 2]
{
  balances:
    Map(
      "alice" -> 83321907610300220474867519876600740409894229411597278747663373810657625704680,
      "bob" -> 0,
      "charlie" -> 79626045751699704635016553258820412024546765398372583361896346889345270192783,
      "eve" -> 0,
      "null" -> 0
    ),
  minter: "eve"
}

[violation] Found an issue (14ms).
Use --verbosity=3 to show executions.
Use --seed=0xa2 to reproduce.
```
